Pitch:

Israel Torres
Chloe Ng
Jarren San Jose
Jeric San Jose
Nicholas Oliver


NICK of Time saves customers money.

what we've found is that The user experience for every major etailer is pretty
much the same. You click through a bunch of menu options, and hopefully end up
in the right place before frustration sets in.
Or you run a search, or another search, and another search... and hope that you
get the results that you need, when you need them.

Sometimes, you know exactly what you want, but you won't buy it until you know
that you're getting the best deal. You're willing to wait.

For Wal-Mart to engage with the customer and encourage purchases, they would
offer steep discounts for a limited time on a limited supply of items. This
encourages a customer to act quickly.

We have integrated text notifications for user -- so if you want to
subscribe for deals on a specific item or even an item category, we will send
you a text message . . . but, you have to act fast! The text comes with a time
limit and how much of the item Wal-Mart has in stock.
All you have to do to have the item purchased and shipped to your house is
confirm via text, or through a link back to the website.

So, let's say you want to buy a new laptop and you're willing to spend $800.
You can sign up for the item category at that price point, and then when a great
deal comes through you get your notification and then the race is on to reply
and finish your purchase.

How are we doing this?
We're partnering with Wal-Mart to scrape historical price data for items, and
providing these data points over graphs. This helps the customer see if, or how
often an item goes on sale - and when it goes on sale, how low does it go?

We're integrating twilio to provide text notifications and interaction while the
user is off the website.

We would like to track item traffic (click counts, cart entries, wishlists/saved
items) to encourage Wal-Mart to offer items that have high traffic, but not
necessarily high purchase rates, for discount through N.I.C.K. of Time.


To simplify the shopping experience, we've streamlined the user interface so that
the  experience is efficient, without losing any important information.
All that we're listing is ten items on their own product cards, with their:
-the name
-price
-a short description
-and the customer rating

We built this using:
-MongoDB for the phone number registry
-EJS for our front end
-Express and Node for the backend
-as well as HTML, CSS
